Fix typo in syntax.md (#1135)
dhall-lang/dhall-lang: standard/syntax.md

-}
data TextLiteral = Chunks [(Text, Expression)] Text

> -- | These instances come in handy for implementing @Text@-related operations

Reviewer: Since the comment belongs to only a single instance, how about
```suggestion
-- | This instance comes in handy for implementing @Text@-related operations
```

instance Semigroup TextLiteral where
    Chunks xys₀ z₀ <> Chunks [] z₁ =
        Chunks xys₀ (z₀ <> z₁)
    Chunks xys₀ z₀ <> Chunks ((x₁, y₁) : xys₁) z₁ =
        Chunks (xys₀ <> ((z₀ <> x₁, y₁) : xys₁)) z₁

> -- | These instances come in handy for implementing @Text@-related operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- | This instance comes in handy for implementing @Text@-related operations
```
